OSDOCS-10286: Documented the 4.14.22 z-stream notes (#75014)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

// 4.14.22
[id="ocp-4-14-22"]
=== RHSA-2024:1891 - {product-title} 4.14.22 bug fix update and security update

Issued: 2024-04-25

{product-title} release 4.14.22, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:1891[RHSA-2024:1891] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:1897[RHSA-2024:1897] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.14.22 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-14-22-enhancements"]
==== Enhancements

[id="ocp-4-14-22-validate-control-plane-replicas"]
===== Number of configured control plane replicas validated

> * Previously, the number of control plane replicas could be set to an invalid value, such as `2`. With this release, a validation is added to prevent any misconfiguration of the control plane replicas at the ISO generation time. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31885[*OCPBUGS-31885*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, you could set the number of control plane replicas to an invalid value, such as `2`. With this release, a validation is added to prevent any misconfiguration of the control plane replicas at the ISO generation time. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31885[*OCPBUGS-31885*])
```

[id="ocp-4-14-22-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, the `network-tools` image, which is a debugging tool, included the Wireshark network protocol analyzer. Wireshark had a dependency on the `gstreamer1` package, and this package has specific licensing requirements. With this release, the `gstreamer1` package is removed from the `network-tools` image and the image now includes the `wireshark-cli` package. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31862[*OCPBUGS-31862*])

> * Previously, an external neighbor could have its Media Access Control (MAC) address changed while the cluster was shutting down or hibernating. Although a Gratuitous Address Resolution Protocol (GARP) should notify other neighbors about this change, the cluster would not process the GARP. After the cluster was restarted, the neighbor might not be reachable from the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network because the stale MAC address was being used. With this release, an update enables an aging mechanism so that a neighbor's MAC address is periodically refreshed every 300 seconds. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11710[*OCPBUGS-11710*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, an external neighbor could change its Media Access Control (MAC) address while the cluster was shutting down or hibernating. Although a Gratuitous Address Resolution Protocol (GARP) was supposed to inform the other neighbors about this change, the cluster did not process the GARP. After restarting the cluster, the neighbor might no longer be reachable from the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network because the outdated MAC address was used. With this release, an update enables an aging mechanism so that the MAC address of a neighbor is updated regularly every 300 seconds. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11710[*OCPBUGS-11710*])
```
